Oh
what kid doesn't have eyeballs Oh
where's his eyeballs so else it's you
with no eyeballs yeah don't drool it up
yep show me the back and the many I will
show you the the super specs oh it's
good it's heart
I don't like it's funny that it is many
jumpy we found its eyes eyes eyes eyes
eyes so cute picture so I'm back it
looks like some necklace super specs
he's got her tail this is I'm saying oh
it's going down instead of up for that
skirt pearls and then there's the bottom
see he has a heart this side and she's
very chubby oh look at her little paws
and then
except she doesn't have any eyeballs
that's funny that they didn't put
eyeballs on the dog is it look like
speckles come
don't let her sniff it too much cuz she
has a really wet wet
sit down down down down down down down
down
speckles we're super specs we're super
specs